Amen Amen return your Bibles to Matthew chapter 7 verse 21 Lording on One of the things that Lord had impressed upon me to teach on at the end of the last year was prayer that changes things since we're moving into 30 days of prayer and The reason he had me teach this because why people are praying less and less for some reason I'm not talking about throwing up.
I'm talking about serious prayer.
I'm talking about serious prayer
Now, even though I've been teaching on prayer, the number of people praying on a prayer line or social media or in person has barely changed.
Has barely changed.
Listen, in order for you to experience the prophecies, spoken forth to have prayer, you have to pray.
Come on, say amen somebody.
All the prophecies are not automatic folks.
Let me say it again, they are not what?
Automatic.
See, in the first 30 days of prayer, we have what?
Different subject we're praying about every day.
Has anybody been keeping up?
Amen, glory to God.
But prayer is also about what?
Acceleration and demonstration.
Praying that we see what?
See the manifestation of those prophecies come to pass in our lives this year.
And see, we're not talking about throwing up a prayer or two and then going about your business, folks.
No, God is looking for you to become a serious, consistent, persistent prayer warrior.
Do I have any prayer warriors in the house?
Okay, let me look for your name online.
I'll be saying you're a prayer warrior and I'll see your name online.
He come out my shan bed.
How they do?
Yeah.
Cause prayer warriors pray every day.
Come on, we're talking about 30 days of prayer, not just once a week, not just twice a week.
I'm talking about the whole 30 day.
Why?
You're setting yourself up for the rest of the year.
This is how you start your year, folks.
Amen.
Things are hard for people because why?
They don't pray.
Oh, come on, say, man, somebody.
But look at Matthew 721.
What happens is people have a tendency to be here's of the Word of God.
Only, but not doers of the word of God.
Look, I'm at the 721 where it says, not everyone that saved one to me, Lord, Lord.
This is this now.
Not everyone that saved one to me, Lord, Lord, show entrance to the kingdom of heaven.
That's serious, folks.
But he, that what?
Doeth the will of my father, which is where in heaven.
Then verse 22 says, many more say to me in that day, Lord, Lord.
I have, have we not prophesied in thy name?
And in thy name had cast out devils.
And then thy name done one many wonderful works.
Lord, I did all this for you.
And what do you say in verse 23?
Then will I profess unto them, I never knew you.
Depart from me, you workers of iniquity.
Oh, come on, say amen.
Say we don't take this passage serious.
because we took it serious and we say, whoa, I'd say, whoa, but it'd be for a right reason.
Come on, say it, man, to get myself an order.
So I said, in other words, yes, you did some things, you thought were good things, but did you do what I told you to do?
And there are a lot of Christians who follow this category.
Then he says in verse 24, therefore, who celebrate what?
Hear these things of mine and do what?
And do with them,
He said, I would liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock.
And when the rain descended and the floods came and the winds blew and beat upon the house, it fell not.
For it was what?
It was founded upon a rock.
In other words, they made it through the stones of life because why they were not just coming to church to hear the word of God.
didn't going back home and not acting on what they heard.
No, they were hears of the Word of God and they were doers of the Word of God.
And it says, their house did not fall.
But look at verse 26.
But everyone that what?
Who's talking here?
Who's talking?
Is this Jesus talking?
It's the Bible God talking to us.
Okay, just checking.
Verse 26, and everyone that hear of these sands of mine, and what?
Do of them, do of them, not shall be likened unto a foolish man.
Three neighbor, don't be foolish.
Which build us house upon the sand, and the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house, and it what?
Fail, and what?
And great was the fall of it.
The same songs of life came.
But what was the difference, folks?
This person came to church, heard the word, but did not act on what they heard.
Okay, I get to see how it means to just die it out.
Did not what act on what they heard?
So when the storms of life came and storms of life will come folks.
When the storms of life came, great was the ruin of this house.
See, too many people are in this category.
They're here to the word.
They come to church every Sunday, but they're not doing what they're hearing.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
See how to walk an acceleration demonstration is to pray.
is to what?
Pray.
Why?
Because every success is a prayer success first, but every failure is a prayer failure first.
Say that with me.
Every success, come on, I want to see everybody listening.
I'm looking for lips here.
Say every success is a prayer success first, and every failure is a prayer failure first.
Lock that in.
Your success or failure is dependent upon your prayer life.
Now, we talked about the statement John Wesley made in one of his books where he said, it seems God is limited by our prayer life that he can do nothing for humanity unless someone asks him.
See, God is not ruling his world.
God's not ruling his earth, folks.
Come on.
Thank God one day he will, but right now God's not ruling his earth.
Right now,
His wheels not carried out on the earth except and the lies of those who surrendered to him.
And who was that?
Who was that?
That's us, right?
Now we talked about publication and interception.
And we talked about when it comes to intercession, the most precious and outstanding example of an intercessor is who?
Our Lord Jesus Christ.
What do you do?
He stood in a gap for us.
And he now intercedes for us, we're at the Father's right hand.
But turn your Bible to Job, chapter nine, verse 32.
Job, chapter nine, verse 32.
We're gonna connect up, because you know, we just resuming, because we know we had that break during Christmas.
Job nine, 32.
It says, for he is not a man as I am, that I should answer him.
And we should come together in judgment,
Neither is there any day, man, days, man.
Somebody say days, man, between us that might lay his hand upon us both.
Now the marginal reading for the word translated, or days, man, is what?
It's umpire.
Somebody say umpire.
Another reference reads one who argues.
One who what argues.
In other words, he said no one to argue, there's no one to argue the case.
for both sides.
There's no one to argue the case for what?
Both sides.
Let me read this from the Amplified Classic Translation because it'll make it clear.
And that's what Amplified does, it amplifies it.
It's for God is not a mere what?
Man, as I am, that I should what?
Answer him, that we should what?
Come together in court.
Verse 33 says, for there is no what?
There's no what?
empire between us who my layest hand upon us both would that there were.
You see, Job needed someone who, what, what, who be able to lay his hands on him and a hand on God.
He needed someone to do what?
Stand between him and God and plead his case.
And God looked around and saw no intercessor.
Look at Isaiah 59 16.
God looked around and saw no intercessor.
Isaiah 59 16 says, and he saw that there was what?
There's what?
No man and wondered that there was no intercessor.
After all that done for these people, they can't even pray for somebody else.
Is it there for his arm?
What brought salvation up to him and his righteousness?
What sustained him?
God saw that there was no intercessor.
So what do you do?
He supplied the need.
What do you do?
He sent us Jesus.
Jesus came to bridge the gap between God and sinful man.
Somebody say, thank you, Jesus.
Why?
Because man needed someone to stand in the gap so he could get back to God.
man needed an intercessor.
And Jesus sacrificed, come on, Jesus sacrificed established him as the only full trustworthy intercessor for you and I.
He's the only intercessor for the people of this planet.
And well, guess what?
We are one with him and carrying out his work in the earth.
Train neighbor, I'm one with God.
What is he and what does his work?
He's the great what?
Intercessor.
Therefore we are one with, we are one with him and his in accessory ministry, which includes prayer, which includes what?
Prayer.
Turn many Ephesians chapter three, verse 19.
Ephesians chapter three, verse 19.
It says, and to know the who, love of Christ, was past his knowledge that you might be what, filled with all the fullness of God.
Now why is this scripture so critical?
Because to intercede effectively, folks, you must know the great love God has for all humanity.
You must know that God loves people.
That God, what?
loves people.
Turn to Matthew 545.
In order to be effective intercess, you got to know God's love towards people, towards humanity.
Here in Matthew 545, it says that you might be what?
Children of your father, which is where in heaven, where he make of his son to rise on the evil and on the good instead of rain on the just and on the unjust.
God does what He does out of love for mankind.
Where there's the unjust, the unjust, the evil or the good, God still pours out His love.
Look at Luke 635.
We serve a loving God.
We serve a what?
Loving God.
Luke 635 says, but love ye your what?
Enemies.
Come on now.
Amen.
I'll smack my enemies.
Come on.
But it says here.
Love your love.
Those that talk about me.
Oh my goodness gracious.
Love those that treat me wrong.
Love those that stole from me.
Love those that bought something from me and didn't give it back.
Especially money.
He called my son.
I said, but love your enemies and do what?
Good.
And let them hoping for nothing again.
I mean, I gave them that $500 they asked for, and I'm not supposed to ask for it again.
I mean, I can't look cross-eyed out of them every time I see them, because they know I know they owe me some money, and they going to the grocery store, they're going to the mall, buying stuff, and they owe me some money.
I don't know how you are.
You can't even stand to look at somebody that will use some money.
Okay, y'all trying to be holy out here.
So I said, lend, hope before nothing again.
And what will happen in return?
And your reward shall be what?
Great.
And you shall be what?
The children of the highest, because you're acting just like God.
For he is kind to be unthankful, and not my son.
And to the evil.
And understand this, since God's love is in us.
And the love of God has been what, shed abroad in our heart.
We are to be kind, like God is kind, to the thankful and to the evil.
Okay.
Go to Ephesians two eight.
People like to hear things like that.
Bassier is doing good, but now you just, I don't know.
That kinda hit my flesh.
My flesh do not wanna do anything like that at all.
Be kind to people that have done me wrong.
Holy ghost, you gonna have to help me.
I'ma y'all sayin' that right now.
Holy ghost, you gonna have to help me with that one.
Hey man, cuz I gotta go to work tomorrow and look at them in the face.
Listen, Jesus purchased the gift of salvation for anyone who would accept it.
And Word of God tells us here in Ephesians 2, 8, for by grace are you, say, through what?
Faith.
None of yourself, it is what?
Get the God.
See, salvation is a gift for everybody.
Look at Revelation 22, 17.
Salvation is a gift for everybody.
Revelation 22, 17 says, and the spirit and the bride say, what'd they say?
Come.
Let him that hear my hair say, come and let him that a thirst come and whosoever will let him what?
Take the water like how freely?
See, the invitation is to everyone on this planet, but they still have to accept the invitation.
Are you following me out here?
Look at Acts 17, 30.
Acts 17, verse 30.
It says, and the times of this ignorance, God winked at.
And the times of this ignorance, God winked at, but now command of all men everywhere to what?
To repent.
See, people may have gotten away with things before, but guess what?
That's changed folks.
God commands all men everywhere to what?
To repent.
And see his hand of mercy is extended to all mankind.
It's being extended even as we speak.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
See our intercession for men
is not so much for God to extend this mercy.
Why?
Because this has already been done through Jesus.
Our inner session is mainly to do what?
Speak to the, to what?
Speak to break the bondage that the devil has over man.
And the Bible tells us the devil has blinded people.
Go to 2nd Corinthians 4, 3.
Our inner session is what?
Mainly break the bondage
that the devil has over people, over your loved ones, over your friends, over your sons and daughters.
Come on, say, mess somebody.
Second Corinthians 4, 3 says, but if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost, and whom to what?
Who to what?
Now he's talking about our God knows as a small case G, because Satan is the God of this world.
And whom the God of this world has blinded the minds of them, which why, believe not, lasts the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, she what?
Shine unto them.
We have a responsibility to pray and lose the sinner from the blindness.
Why?
So they may see the light.
Let me say it again.
We have the responsibility to pray and do what?
Loose the center from the blindness, why?
So that they may not see the light and see a lot of times we miss it when it comes to praying for the loss.
I will say, God, please save so and so.
You know they really need it.
And everybody got somebody in the family that you know really need it.
Come on, save me as somebody.
But if you're praying God, please save so and so.
That doesn't do you any good.
Come on, didn't you say twinkle, twinkle, little stock?
Why is that?
Because God has already done all he's going to do about saving them.
And I want you to think about this.
No human in his right mind will have his car going to go down the highway a hundred miles an hour.
past blinking lights, warning lights, past signs that said danger, danger, bridges out.
Nobody in their right mind would plunge themselves out there in eternity.
But guess what?
A drunk man would.
Yeah, act like yeah, I've never been drunk before.
Well, this is the holy snake, the money is crap.
A drunk man would.
A drunk man does things he'd make up in the morning, don't know what he did.
What's the same?
It's the same thing.
It's true for spiritually.
Amen.
See, no man in his right mind would plunge himself into eternity without God.
Let me see again.
No man in his right mind would do what?
Plung himself into eternity without God.
But the God of this world,
But the God in this world has what?
Blinded their minds.
Assessed in whom the God in this world has what?
Blinded what?
Their minds.
See, we approach praying for the loved ones, amen, the wrong way.
We approach praying for the loved ones the wrong way.
We've been working on the wrong end of things, folks.
Come on, some of us have fasted,
Some of us have prayed that God would do something.
And God says, listen, I've done all I'm ever going to do.
Let me say it again.
God says, I have done all I'm ever going to do.
Why?
The blood has already been shed.
The gospel has already been given.
The light is already here, folks.
Listen, it can't shine because of what the devil has done.
And what you have to do, you gotta break the power, the devil over that person.
Another said, intercession does not change God.
Why?
Because God never changes.
Prayer does not change God.
Why?
God never changes.
Prayer changes you.
And prayer changes others.
Come on, say it, man, somebody.
It does not change.
Oh, God.
Train neighbor doesn't change God.
And what you have to do concerning the unsafe, you got to break the power of the devil over the lives.
Let me say it again.
You have to what?
You have to break the power of the devil over the life.
What do you got to do?
You got to say in the name of Jesus.
I break the power of the devil with my brother, my sister, my relatives, my co-worker.
Come on, say, Miss, I claim their deliverance, which means I claim deliverance from that blindness.
I claim that deliverance from Satan.
Come on, say, Miss somebody.
And I claim their salvation in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.
You had to break the power of the enemy over them.
And here's where intercession comes in.
We are new.
We are to lose the center.
From the blindness, why?
So that he may see the light.
They're blinded, folks.
But you got to pray, come on.
You got to deliver them from that darkness.
And you do that in what?
Prayer.
Listen, if we can get people to see God as he really is, then they will want to love him.
Did you hear what I just said?
Once again, we are one.
with the great intercessor and his ministry of reconciliation.
We're one with Jesus, folks.
But if I go to second Corinthians chapter five, verse 19, once again, we are one with the great intercessor and his ministry of reconciliation.
Here's second Corinthians chapter five, verse 19.
It says it was God, personally present, reading on an amplified classic, and Christ reconciled in what?
And restoring the world to what?
Favourite with himself.
not counting up and holding against men their what, trespasses, but doing what?
But doing what, canceling them and committing unto us, who is us?
Who is the us?
You, you are the us.
Come on, say a committee to us to what?
The message of what?
Reconciliation of what of the restoration
to favor, who did God reconcile to himself?
The world, whose trespasses are canceled.
The world, somebody say the world.
And that's what would be terrible, folks, would be terrible.
People will go to hell.
And when they get there, they'll find out we did not tell them the truth.
Listen to me out here.
We didn't tell them everything was canceled out.
And see, the sins of the unsaid men canceled out was what?
Was canceled out by who?
Jesus, Jesus canceled all of our sins, folks.
That's how God is kind to the thankful.
And that's how God is kind to the evil.
And He's given us that message, what message?
The message of what?
The word of reconciliation.
Jay neighbor, you had the message.
of the word of reconciliation.
Yeah, what have we done?
We are preached.
God's going to get you.
If you don't watch out, God's after you.
People train their children saying, what, don't do that.
Jesus won't love you.
If you do that, God's going to get you.
That's a lie.
Now, he may not want them to do that.
but he will still love them anyway.
Or he'll listen to me out here.
Telling children, God won't love you if you do that.
Causing them to grow up with their minds, blind it to the light of his love.
And it's very difficult to get that kind of teaching out of people.
Come on, say him as somebody.
He has given you the ministry of what?
Reconciliation.
And see, we used to think we had to preach under conviction.
So we do, we go out and we beat them over the head with the word.
But no, that's wrong.
That's the Holy Spirit's job.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
See, ours is the minister, but reconciliation.
When we get people to see God as he really is, they will want to love him.
Do you hear me?
Another thing we have to do, look at Hebrews chapter four, verse 16.
We have to pray for boldness, folks.
Pray for what?
Bonus.
He says, let us what?
Therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may what obtain mercy and find grace to help win and a time of need.
Affective prayer involves boldness We come before God's throne with what?
Bonus or where do we get the bonus?
We get the bonus from Jesus And he tells us that in Ephesians 3 11 turn there, you know, I'm a scripture man You know I'm a scripture man You know I'm a scripture man I'm gonna show you in scripture Come on Ephesians 3 11.
He says according to his what?
a turn of purpose, which he purpose where in Christ Jesus, our Lord, and whom we have what?
And whom we have what?
Bonus and access with what confidence by faith of him.
Listen, we have bonus in who in Christ Jesus.
And understand this, there are many things we don't need to pray for.
Let me see it again.
There are many things that we don't need to pray for, but it's all right to pray for boldness.
Matter of fact, this is something you should do.
So you never, you should pray for boldness.
And see, we know we don't have to pray for faith.
Why?
We know Romans 10 17, the Bible says, faith comes by hearing and hearing by the, where the God.
So you know how to get faith.
Do you know how to get faith?
See, faith is increased by what?
Feeding it on what God's word and by exercising it.
So we don't need to pray for faith, but the Bible does show us that we can pray for boldness.
Pray for what?
Boldness.
Somebody tell you, you gotta pray for boldness.
Let me get an example.
Look at Acts chapter four, verse 13.
We're talking about Peter and John.
Peter and John were bold when they used the name of Jesus to minister to the lame man of the gay beautiful.
They were bold when they proclaimed the name of Jesus to the crowd that gathered.
And what happened to Jewish authorities noticed their bonus and took them in for questioning.
And it says in verse 13, and when they saw the what, when they saw the what, boldness of Peter and John and did what?
perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they what?
They marveled.
They marveled at what the bonus these men had.
And it took knowledge of them that they had been what?
Then was Jesus.
When you were Jesus, you have boldness, folks.
Well, you know him, you know, he's right there with you.
There's a boldness that comes on you.
Then it says in verse 18, and they calmed them and commanded them not to speak.
at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.
Now look at verse 21.
And when they had further threatened them, they would let them go finding nothing how they might punish them because why?
Because of the people for all men glorified God for that which was done.
Now look at verse 23 and being let go, they went to their own
Company and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said unto them and when they heard that they'd what?
They lifted up their voice to who?
God and won a chord and said Lord doubt our God which has made heaven and the earth and the sea and all that is what in them is.
The whole company believers lifted their voice in one accord and prayer unto God.
I'm looking for the day where everybody in this room becomes a prayer warrior.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
Then in verse 29, know what's going to happen.
They prayed, now Lord, behold their threat names, granted to thy servants.
That was what?
All boldness, they may what speak the word?
That's all right, they pray for boldness.
Then verse 30 says, by stretching forth thy hand to heal and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of the holy child, Jesus.
And we'll see that prayer was answered in verse 31.
What's it say?
And when they had prayed, when they had prayed, I'm looking forward to that day.
When we have prayed,
When we have prayed, the place is shaken where they were assembled.
And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and they spanked the word of God with what bonus.
In other words, they prayed for bonus and they received bonus and much more.
So he need to pray for bonus.
Matter of fact, God, he needs a 618.
Where Paul asked the church an emphasis to pray for him.
to pray for him.
Now, you wouldn't think a man like Paul would need prayer.
Come on, this was a great man of God.
He was the apostle of faith.
This man wrote two thirds of the New Testament, but he says in Ephesians 6, 18, pray always, pray always, then he says in verse 19, and for me.
And for me, why?
That others may be given unto me
that I may want open my mouth what boldly to what to make known the mystery of the gospel.
And Ephesians prayer for Paul was a prayer supplication, a heartfelt prayer.
Come on, say him as about it, but he prayed for what?
Bonus.
He prayed for what?
But the question is, why do you and I need bonus?
Because we need bonus to act.
Because sometimes our fear comes over us.
But we need bonus to act.
Understand this.
Sometimes during your intercession, the Holy Spirit may tell you to go to the one that you're interceding for.
Now to you is our right pain from a distance.
But now you want me to go to them?
And we may not know what to pray.
But thank God, the Holy Spirit does.
But we need boldness to act on God's word.
We need bonus to act on what the Spirit of God may say to us.
He may tell you to do some things that make your skin crawl because of fear.
Come on, say, miss somebody.
And the Spirit of God is searching through the church, trying to find those whom we can trust to pray and to act with bonus.
Why?
Because he needs them.
He needs you, but he needs somebody he can trust to pray.
Somebody say that's me.
Somebody say that's me again.
Somebody, I don't want to say anything because you don't want it to be you.
Somebody, I ain't gonna open your lips.
Come on, say amen somebody.
But he needs you what?
Pray.
He needs to trust you to what?
He needs trust that you're gonna act with what?
Bonus.
Now we know many people have jobs.
and they have duties which do not allow them to get themselves wholeheartedly to intercession.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
Yet if you go about doing whatever you have to do on the inside, you can be praying.
Come on.
It was said by a man of God, God will not lay a burden of intercession upon you unless you are available to move.
He might move on you to pray for someone while you are working, if the work is such that you can pray.
Come on, say amen somebody.
And we know there are jobs where it would be very difficult for you to pray while working.
So God would have to do what?
Seek out someone else.
But there are jobs, particularly if you're not working with your mind, but with your hands, where you can give yourself to prayer even while you're working.
Hello, understand this.
Listen to me closely.
Don't throw off that burden to pray when it comes.
Let me say it again.
You got to be bold and act on it.
When that alarm goes off, pray.
That's why God would get you up in the early morning, we hours in the morning, if you make yourself available.
But God ain't waking you up and you said, oh Lord, no.
Lord, it's three o'clock.
Catch me at five.
God ain't waking you up no more.
Because he can't trust you.
Listen, we can even pray while talking to people.
We could pray on the inside.
Listen, the inside of you could still be reaching out to God on someone else's behalf.
Oh, come on.
Say it.
Somebody and see someone may come to you saying, whoa, man, I dodged that bullet.
And they shall tell me this happened.
This happened happen.
And I didn't even get a scratch.
They didn't know three days before it happened.
You were praying.
I'll come on and say, amen, somebody.
In a lot of cases, if you throw off that urge to pray, that person would have been severely hurt and maybe have died.
Why?
You see, God didn't want that person to leave here in that backslidden condition.
And if we're not responsible to the Spirit of God, if we don't intercede,
when we don't know who to intercede for.
I mean, just intercede out your belly.
If we get too busy or unresponsive to the leading of the spirit, guess what?
Many people will go to hell.
And it's a sobering thought, folks, that when men come before the judgments on the God, the bar of God,
There may be some people in hell who pointed you and say, you're responsible for me being in hell.
Okay, you don't want to call Ezekiel 33 seven.
I ain't responsible for them.
Yes, you are.
Because God may have told you to go speak to them, but you were afraid and you didn't pray for boldness and you didn't go speak to them.
Come on.
And they went to hell.
Well, since you don't want to see that, see what the word says about that.
It says, now ask for you son of a man reading from the amplified translation.
Ask for you, son of a man.
I have made you a watchman for the house of who?
For the house of Israel.
Come on, say, man, somebody for the house of Israel.
Then he goes on to say, so you shall bear a message from my mouth and give them a warning from me or what a warning from me.
That should have been an amplified translation and give them a lot warning from me.
I see that's going to take some bonus, but it goes on to say in verse eight, when I say to the wicked, all wicked man,
You will certainly die.
And you will not speak to warn the wicked from his way.
That wicked man will die because of his sin.
But I will require his blood from your hand.
Is that the word of God?
It's God holding me responsible.
Then the verse nine says,
But if you are in your part warned the wicked man to turn from his evil way, and he does not turn from his evil way, he will die in his sin, but you have saved your life.
Now you can see the great responsibility that not only affects others, but it also affects you.
Are y'all with me in here?
God isn't looking for people to pray for.
You're some of people, you're the only hope for some people.
And you're not getting that.
You're the only hope for a lot of things happening in this world.
And you have the power to change it, but you won't open your mouth.
Why?
Because we get so selfish.
If it interrupts our schedule, I can't do that.
Or it comes late at night, I'll pray at night before I go to bed.
We all know what happens.
I met up on cold bus.
That's why the best type of phrase in the morning.
When everything is quiet and it's just you,
and God.
Come on, say amen somebody.
Is this you and who?
God.
Look at Isaiah 43, 25.
We have to start praying for people, folks.
A lot of times we're complaining about people, complaining about what they did, complaining about who they are.
Come on, say amen somebody, but we don't let the divorce and pray for them.
We're quick to point fingers.
and not do nothing about it.
When you have the power to do something about it, but you don't realize it so you don't open your mouth to pray.
Isaiah 43, 25 says, I, even I am he that what bottled out thy transgression for my what on sake and will not what remember thy sense.
He's talking about boldness here.
He said, put me in remembrance.
Let us what plead together, declare thou
that thou may not be justified.
See, this was a challenge from a covenant keeping God to Israel.
And it's also a challenge to us to church.
Come on, say man, what if God kept us coming up with him, he'll keep us coming up with us.
And see the believer, anybody was in this room.
The believer has covenant rights and prayer.
Come on, as well as other covenant rights, yet there is one outstanding problem that we have.
There's one outstanding problem that defeats believers in their prayer life, and that is sometimes when we come to God, we have a feeling of inferiority.
We have a sense of sin consciousness.
Why?
Because we know we've failed on some area in our lives.
And we have this guilt complex.
Some people even begin their prayers with, Lord, I'm so weak and unworthy.
And then they harp in their weakness and unworthiness through their prayer life, come on.
And when they come into the prison of God, telling him that, guess what?
They talk themselves out of faith and into condemnation.
And the Bible tells us there's no condemnation for those that are in Christ Jesus.
And they don't know where the God's gonna hear them or not.
And all they do is beg
for crops.
Well, look what he said in verse 25 again.
He said, I even I am here at what?
Lot of out thy transgression for my what?
For my own sake and what not what?
Remember thy sins.
Why did he say he would blot out our transgressions for his own sake?
For what?
For his own sake?
Not for our sake, but for our own sake.
Why?
So that he could bless us.
Somebody say, thank you, Lord.
Come on, say thank you, Lord.
He could not bless us without his folks.
See, when we know that he blotted out our sin, that he doesn't even remember that we ever did anything wrong.
We can come to him with confidence.
We can come in faith and we lose sin consciousness.
And now we have
Sun consciousness Are you following me out there?
And we don't have to try to sit on the curve stone out in front of the mansion being in for favors folks No, we can come boldly through the front door and Enter to the throne room to do what to fellowship with God Why we are sons of God
We are joining heirs with Jesus.
We are covenant people.
And we have a legal right, a gospel right, a son right, a family right to enter to the throne room.
Come on, in the front door, not the back door.
Or if I head up and not hanging down, come on, say, mess somebody.
And when Jesus went into the prison of the father, guess what, folks?
When he went to the prison of the father,
He didn't go with just his head.
He didn't leave his little finger outside saying, oh, I'm so embarrassed.
No, he didn't have any condemnation even in this little finger, folks.
We are the body of Christ.
That means the body can go into the presence of God, the Father.
with the same confidence and assured that the head can.
How did he go?
He went in boldly.
So we have to pray for what?
Boldness, but we have to pray, folks.
We have to pray.
You got to set in your heart, but every day of this month, I'm going to pray.
No one should have to force you.
No one should have to remind you really.
Pray should be like breathing.
Cause you realize it's vital.
It's vital for you to survive.
And say it again, it's vital for you to what?
Survive prayer.
We have to start.
praying, and we have to start praying for people we know that are unsaved, even though they get on your nerves, even though you can't stand them, pray for them.
Don't get in the corner and give us your buddies and say, start talking about them, say no.
If somebody comes talk to you about somebody that hates you, come on, just grab a say, come on, let's pray for them.
I guarantee you, they won't come to you ever again.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
But we gotta start praying more, folks.
God's dependent on us to change this world.
God holds us accountable to what goes on in this territory, in the government.
Come on, around the world.
God holds us responsible.
Why?
Because he's given us the authority to pray.
Put your hands before the Lord.
Father, we thank and we praise and we glorify you Lord.
We thank you Lord.
The people will pray Lord.
They will pray.
They'll see the invite of importance of prayer.
It's not about just me and my four, and no more.
Now we're gonna pray for others.
Because you held us, you hold us responsible.
You said their blood would be on our hands, and we didn't pray for them, or they'd go speak to them, and they went to hell.
Because you placed them in our path, and one that God will place people in your path, just to pray for.
But you gotta pray.
You have to what?
Pray.
Father, we thank Him, we praise You right now, Father God, that You're raising up prayer warriors in this room.
Hallelujah.
Because if you know anything about this ministry, this ministry is a ministry of prayer.
From day one, we had early morning,
Day one, day one.
Only time I've ever missed the early morning prayers when I was out of time, but then I get on my phone.
Hallelujah.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
There's no excuse for us not to pray.
There's no excuse if we understand how it's a vital necessity.
How every success is a what?
Every failure?
That is the bottom line.
If you want this year to be a year of acceleration and demonstration, you are going to have to pray it in.
You go to what?
Pray it in.
That's what 30 days of prayer is all about.
We're praying in more and more in 2024.
We're praying that this is a year of progression.
Come on, say amen to somebody.
Hallelujah.
And we thank you Lord.
We praise you Lord.
We glorify you Lord.
We thank you Lord.
We bless us with your word.
Father God, we wanna be the foolish person.
We'll be the wise person.
We won't just be heroes of the word of God, but we'll be what?
to us of the word of God.
See, I see people that's online, Monica be online, prayer, no, Lena be online, praying.
I see, I look at names, you know.
And so my prayer Tuesday, I call them out.
I say, thank you, Hallelujah.
My wife calls you out.
Come on, say, man, somebody, because we need everybody involved in prayer.
I say, when they all prayed and were one accord, the place was shaken.
It's time for us to shake some things up in these islands.
I got one amen.
It's time for us to shake some things up.
But we're only going to shake them things up if we can get everybody and one accord with an attitude and a heart for prayer.
Then we're going to see God do some things that we've never seen before.
We'll see the increase that we're looking for in our lives.
and in our families and in our neighborhoods and in our communities, on our jobs, on our businesses.
Come on, same as somebody.
But it takes us what?
Pray.
That's why January is always like a reset year or reset month.
You reset for the rest of the year.
So lift your hands before the Lord, say thank you, Lord.
Come make commitment to God right now.
that I'm gonna begin my prayer life all over again.
I'm gonna start praying like I supposed to, that I know to do.
I'm not gonna get lazy.
When Holy Spirit tells me it prompts me to pray, and I sense that urge to pray, I'm not gonna put it off, but I'm gonna pray.
Because I know somebody's life is depending on my obedience.
I am not going to be responsible for somebody going to hell.
Because you placed that person in my path, and I said nothing.
I did nothing.
I didn't even pray for that.
Oh, the God, how do you live here?
It's a father we thank you right now, Father God.
The people make a commitment right now.
to make this a month a prayer.
And they're gonna see their life change like it's never changed before.
Because of the commitment that they're making right now.
I'm not talking about just the older dogs.
I'm talking about young people too.
They need it just as much as we do.
Young people are having challenges.
A lot of times they have enough challenge because they don't pray.
They don't ask God to help them through the situation that they're dealing with.
And sometimes they're afraid to tell somebody, even their parents.
So they sit there and water in misery and go through all this depression because why?
They don't know how to pray and they don't pray.
Not realizing the only one that can get them out of the situation is God.
That's what we teach our children.
that you need to know how to go to God for yourself.
Because I may not be with you.
I may not be around you when something goes down.
You better know how to call out the God for yourself.
You better know how to plead the blood of Jesus for yourself.
Because you may not have time to call.
Mom, pray for me.
That prayed for me.
Because it's happening right then and there.
One thing you can call upon, who you can call upon.
God will answer you right where you are.
But you gotta make prayer a vital necessity.
Hallelujah.
You gotta be bold about it.
So Father, we thank Him.
We praise You right now, Father God.
We thank you, Lord.
We praise you, Lord.
We glorify you.